hi I'm Jana and I'm here to
tell you about Mila s 5 series vacuums
the S 5 series includes powerful
canister vacuums that are easily
portable for picking up dirt and debris
around your home each model is designed
to clean a particular surface from
hardwoods and tiles to area rugs and
plush carpeting ideal for allergy and
asthma sufferers s5 vacuums feature
Mila's air clean sealed system which
keeps trap particles from escaping back
into your environment adjustable height
settings on select models make caring
for diverse carpets easy s5 vacuums use
the GN bag which holds the largest
amount of dirt of all miele bags the
Pisces comes with an air driven turbo
brush that loosens dirt and collects
lint in area rugs bare floors and low
pile carpets it also comes with a park a
twister tool which rotates 180 degrees
for exceptionally agile cleaning the
Capricorn Callisto Earth and Libra
included an electric power head for more
powerful cleaning suited for a
combination of carpets and bare floors
the electro plus power head comes
standard with the Callisto is best
suited for cleaning high pile and plush
carpeting this brush can also be used
with any of the other s5 models that
include an electrified connector the
capricorn features sophisticated
electronic push-button controls on the
handle which allow you to easily control
your suction level as you move from
surface to surface the energy saving
earth vacuum automatically adjust its
suction power according to the surface
you're cleaning a filter indicator in
the Capricorn and earth reminds you when
it's time to change the filter most s5
vacuums include an active hepa filter
that captures the smallest particles as
you clean help your family breathe
easier you can also upgrade to an active
air clean charcoal filter to reduce
odors in your home this filter is great
if you have pets or you're sensitive to
odors like all miele canisters vacuums
in this series are backed by the Good
Housekeeping Seal which means they meet
stringent performance and quality
standards and they are backed by a
two-year limited warranty in addition to
the standard warranty they include
advanced filtration for removing
microscopic dust particles and self
sealing dust bags
easy to discard without releasing
particles back into your air automatic
cord rewind and parking slots allow for
easy portable cleaning and an on-board
storage container stores a set of
accessories for tailoring your specific
cleaning needs for more details about
Mila s5 vacuums visit us at Sylvain calm
or call us at one eight hundred nine 349
1944 a personal consultation and to test
drive any of our Miele vacuum stop by
our showroom which is open monday
through friday ten a.m. to five pm now
you know the highlights of Mila s5
vacuum cleaners and better air begins
with knowledge thanks for watching